There was this one time when I was fishing at the beach at night. It was quiet, the only sound was the waves crashing against the shore. I had been there for about an hour and hadn't caught anything. I was about to give up when I felt a tug on my line. I pulled in my rod and saw that I had caught a fish. It was a strange-looking fish, it was long and thin with sharp teeth. I had never seen a fish like it before. I took it off the hook and was about to throw it back when I noticed something strange. The fish had a small, metal object in its mouth. I pulled it out and saw that it was a ring, it said H.M.S Titanic

I was shocked. I knew that the Titanic had sunk in the Atlantic Ocean over 100 years ago. I couldn't believe that I had just found a ring from the Titanic. I put the ring in my pocket and decided to keep it. I finished fishing and went home. I couldn't wait to tell my friends about the ring. The next day, I went to the library to learn more about the Titanic. I found a book about the artifacts that had been found from the wreck. I looked through the book and found a picture of the ring that I had found. The caption under the picture said that the ring belonged to a young woman named Helen. She was a first-class passenger on the Titanic. I was amazed. I had found a ring that belonged to a real person. I wondered what had happened to Helen. Did she survive the sinking of the Titanic? I decided to find out more about her. I went back to the library and searched for her name in the archives. I found an article about her. It said that she had survived the sinking of the Titanic. She had been rescued by a lifeboat and taken to New York City. I was so happy to learn that she had survived. I decided to write to her and tell her that I had found her ring. I found her address in the phone book and wrote her a letter. I told her about how I had found the ring and that I wanted to return it to her. A few weeks later, I received a letter back from Helen. She was so grateful that I had found her ring. She told me that it had been a gift from her grandmother and that she had lost it on the Titanic. She asked me to send it to her, and I did. I was so happy to be able to return the ring to its rightful owner. I will never forget the day that I found the Titanic ring. It was an amazing experience, and I am so glad that I was able to help Helen.